kill us friend email program it's fun
easy and delicious imagine a world
famous heart attack will bike just have
you got a few emails sound strange
not really everyone needs to advertise
we know believe in giving money to big
media corporations that control the very
same newspapers and TV stations which
continually ridicule the Heart Attack
Grill we heart rather keep the money in
the family I rewarded you our loyal
patients here's how it works
just send out a few emails that contain
a link to our website you'll receive one
point for each person this visit Heart
Attack Grill dot-com once you earn 100
total points you'll get a free bypass
burger at Flatliner prize hmm incentive
programs don't get tastier than their
now what a real exciting part
our very own Heart Attack Grill little
bit steep that's right if it works we're
selling soap it'll work for putting a
juicy burger in your hand get this not
only do you get one point for each of
your friends who visit the website you
get another point for each of their
friends to visit the website you'll also
friends friends who visit the website
and just to be completely crazy
we've decided to stretch it all the way
up 7 degrees of separation so this is
where I need your help all I want you to
do is go to WWE Tech Grill calm
backslash our question mark 5 5 2 again
heart attack grill dot-com backslash our
question mark 5 5 2 it helped me build
my tree and in turn hopefully you helped
me get a free meal thank you